Starknet Docs smart contracts pages migration (#1173)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/appendix-09-sierra.md

The safe Casm for finding an element in an array behaves like the above snippet in the happy flow (element is there): an index is given in a hint, and we verify that the array at the hinted index contains the requested element. However, in the unhappy flow (element isn't there), we *must* go over the entire array to verify this.

This was not the case in Cairo 0, as we were fine with certain paths not being provable (in the above snippet, the unhappy flow in which the element isn't in the array is never provable).

> Sierra's gas metering adds further complications to the above example. Even looking through the array to verify that the element isn't there may leave some flexibility to the prover.  

If we take gas limitations into consideration, the user may have enough gas for the happy flow, but not for the unhappy one, making the execution stop mid-search, and allowing the prover to get away with lying about the element not being present.  

The way we plan to handle this is by requiring the user to have enough gas for the unhappy flow before actually calling `find_element`.

### Hints in Cairo 1.0

> Smart contracts written with Cairo 1.0 cannot contain user defined hints. This is already true with Cairo 0 contracts (only whitelisted hints are accepted), but with Cairo 1.0 the hints in use are
> determined by the Sierra &rarr; Casm compiler. Since this compilation is there to ensure that only
> "safe" Casm is generated, there is no room for hints that are not generated by the compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart contracts written with Cairo cannot contain user defined hints. This is already true with Cairo Zero contracts (only whitelisted hints are accepted), but with Cairo the hints in use are
determined by the Sierra &rarr; Casm compiler. Since this compilation is there to ensure that only
"safe" Casm is generated, there is no room for hints that are not generated by the compiler.
```

> In the future, native Cairo 1.0 may contain hint syntax similar to Cairo 0, but it will not be available in Starknet smart contracts ([L3s](https://medium.com/starkware/fractal-scaling-from-l2-to-l3-7fe238ecfb4f) on top of Starknet may make use of such functionality).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, native Cairo may contain hint syntax similar to Cairo 0, but it will not be available in Starknet smart contracts ([L3s](https://medium.com/starkware/fractal-scaling-from-l2-to-l3-7fe238ecfb4f) on top of Starknet may make use of such functionality).
```
